Mail Listener v2 - revert removal of last_fetch from last run (#10650)
demisto/content: Packs/MailListener/ReleaseNotes/1_0_2.md

#### Integrations
##### Mail Listener v2

> - Reverted removal of the last fetch timestamp stored in the fetch incidents flow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Reverted a change made in `1.0.1` which would remove the last fetch timestamp stored in the fetch incidents flow.
```
